added note about PKU2U (#5332)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/connect-to-remote-aadj-pc.md

- Password
- Windows Hello for Business, with or without an MDM subscription. 

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> >To be able to connect to Azure Active Directory-joined computers, RDP client must [allow Public Key Cryptography Based User-to-User (PKU2U) authentication requests to use online identities](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/network-security-allow-pku2u-authentication-requests-to-this-computer-to-use-online-identities).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To be able to connect to Azure Active Directory-joined PCs, the RDP client must [allow Public Key Cryptography Based User-to-User (PKU2U) authentication requests to use online identities](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/network-security-allow-pku2u-authentication-requests-to-this-computer-to-use-online-identities).
```

> > If RDP client running Windwos Server 2016 or Windows Server 2019, to be able to connect to Azure Active Directory-joined PCs, it must [allow Public Key Cryptography Based User-to-User (PKU2U) authentication requests to use online identities](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/network-security-allow-pku2u-authentication-requests-to-this-computer-to-use-online-identities).

Reviewer 2: typo + semantics :
```suggestion
> If the RDP client is running Windows Server 2016 or Windows Server 2019, to be able to connect to Azure Active Directory-joined PCs, it must [allow Public Key Cryptography Based User-to-User (PKU2U) authentication requests to use online identities](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/network-security-allow-pku2u-authentication-requests-to-this-computer-to-use-online-identities).
```

Reviewer: Thanks illfated. Missed that, must have been early morning hours.
